BI data analysis



Key economic figures are calculated and visualised.

Annual turnover/profit
Number of orders and changes compared to the previous year or whole period.
Calculate and visualise profit margins
Annual growth in profit, turnover, orders and customer satisfaction.
Average value of goods in basket

Which product categories sell the most and make the most profit.

Which regions make the most sales, the most orders?


Regions are surveyed to determine which products are most in demand and , if you are meeting that demand sufficiently.

Customer satisfaction:

Cancellation rate and return rate.

Review survey to determine which products are the best and worst rated. This feedback is given to the sellers or could Olist bad products be improved or removed from the market as this increases customer dissatisfaction. 

How do customers prefer to pay ? 
From which purchase amount onwards which payment method is used.

Seller Analytics
Who sells the most?
Which seller has the most good ratings?
Fastest shipper?
Classification of dealers into categories, such as manufacturers, resellers?

Number of customers

States
Product category


Customer
Customer growth, Where, How? When? Zsmg. Revenue
Satisfaction? How to improve, where are the customers who are dissatisfied?
One-time buyers - repeat buyers? How do we get one-time buyers to buy again?
Payment method? Encourage customers to buy more, e.g. by marketing hire purchase or favourable hire purchase conditions. Or pay the first bill after 3 months.
Expand business areas in the north, low number of orders, cancellation rate.

Delivery time
Which products take how long? How can the delivery time be shortened, through warehousing? Better infrastructure? Other forwarders?


Product Analysis
Which articles sell the worst and why? Can you do something about it or throw it out?
Crosselling through marketing? Coupon campaigns with discounts.
Friends recommend friends bonuses.
Create vouchers for products in demand. 
Supplement already popular product categories with products that round off the range.


Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version)
